Adds clarification about checking in package-lock.yml (#5544)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/deps.md

## Predictable package installs

> Starting in dbt Core v1.7, dbt generates a `package-lock.yml` file in the root of your project. This contains the complete set of resolved packages based on the `packages` configuration in `dependencies.yml` or `packages.yml`. Each subsequent invocation of `dbt deps` will install from the _locked_ set of packages specified in this file. Storing the complete set of required packages (with pinned versions) in version-controlled code ensures predictable installs in production and consistency across all developers and environments. It should be checked into git, and updated every time you make a change to your `packages.yml` file. 

Reviewer: It is not so much a change in `packages.yml` is made but more when someone does a `dbt deps --upgrade`  or `dbt deps --lock`. (see the following paragraph)

Author: Thanks, updated!

Author: @b-per are you happy with what Mirna updated? https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/5544/commits/27b05c4b8e8956f044f71ca774d5ac4863cfc70f

> Starting in dbt Core v1.7, dbt generates a `package-lock.yml` file in the root of your project. This contains the complete set of resolved packages based on the `packages` configuration in `dependencies.yml` or `packages.yml`. Each subsequent invocation of `dbt deps` will install from the _locked_ set of packages specified in this file. Storing the complete set of required packages (with pinned versions) in version-controlled code ensures predictable installs in production and consistency across all developers and environments. It should be checked into git, and updated every time you make a change to your `packages.yml` file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in dbt Core v1.7, dbt generates a `package-lock.yml` file in the root of your project. This contains the complete set of resolved packages based on the `packages` configuration in `dependencies.yml` or `packages.yml`. Each subsequent invocation of `dbt deps` will install from the _locked_ set of packages specified in this file. Storing the complete set of required packages (with pinned versions) in version-controlled code ensures predictable installs in production and consistency across all developers and environments. 

The `package-lock.yml` file should be committed in Git initially, and then updated and committed only when you want to change versions or uninstall a package (for example  `dbt deps --upgrade` or `dbt deps --lock`).
```

Reviewer 2: @ernestoongaro @b-per changed it to the above and added the 'uninstall a package ' -- does this look right?
